Manager Xiao
You wouldn't buy a mainland product at the supermarket
Come fool the old gentleman
I said, where did this local dog get the money to buy the baby?
So, I bought a porcelain bottle in the supermarket.
Where do you think my Ye family is?
Black me for nothing
I was deceived by you
Prepare who you have found to come back
Who said I'd send you?
What do you mean?
Don't you guys smell that?
It smells really good.
The aroma of wine
I'm almost drunk
Where did this aroma come from?
Is there wine in this bottle?
Correct, it turns out that you didn't give a bottle.
Baijiu in bulk in this bottle?
It turns out that I just gave you the best Dukang today.
And your wine
Do you dare to say it?
This is the world-famous dzi wine of Mobei Wangting
There is a divine spring in the royal pavilion of Mobei
According to legend, this divine spring only drips one drop of spring water every month
Because it is too rare
They're called dzi beads.
This wine made from dzi beads is called dzi bead wine
This dzi bead wine is not only rich and sweet
After drinking it, you can make white bones raw meat
Dead trees meet spring
Sterilization
This Mobei Heavenly Court is still a group
Boil wine for a day or two and sell it to Daxia
It can be sold for tens of billions of dollars.
I brought a total of 2 taels today.
But you left like this
Old Taijun
I saw you sitting there and never getting up
It must be the enemy's legs
I'm afraid it's hard to stand up now
I have been disabled in my legs for many years
But how do you know that?
Then why don't you hurry up and feed the dumplings on the ground?
Get up and lick